Create release notes for 0.2.0 (#224)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/0.2.0.md

> We are pleased to announce the initial release of Istio module. This release allows to install Istio with your own configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're happy to announce the release of version 0.2.0 of the Istio module, which enables you to install Istio with your own configuration. 
However, be aware the module is still in the development phase, and this version has been released mainly for testing purposes. We advise against using it in a production environment.
```
